Docs: Added Empty State experimental pattern (#517)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/experimental/empty-state-pattern/index.mdx

---

> title: Empty state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Empty state pattern
```

---

<PageDescription>

> _Empty states_ have several uses. A common use is where something is yet to be populated e.g. a table. Another common use is when a search or filter yields no results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Empty states are useful when something is yet to be populated and is awaiting data. Another common use is when a search or filter yields no results.
```

</PageDescription>

#### Status:

[Experimental](/experimental/overview/)

#### Maintainer:

[Vikki Paterson](https://github.com/vikkipaterson), [Chloe Poulter](https://github.com/chloepoulterdesign)

![Contextual image](images/0.png)

> ## Empty state consists of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### An empty state consists of:
```

> - An illustration that is relevant to the context, the product or generic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An illustration that is relevant to the context or the product
```

> - Headline text that explains why the state is empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A headline that explains what information is missing and why
```

Author: I'm not sure about this one - when used in a search, there isn't information missing, so much as information that has been searched/filtered out.
@vikkipaterson what do you think about this wording?

Reviewer 2: I have made a suggestion because I think the point is not that information is missing it is explaining why the state is empty.

> - A description of the resource contained there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A description of the resource contained typically found in the empty location
```

> It is not recommended to include the primary CTA in the empty state, to prevent the CTA location changing as users learn the system. The CTA is in its usual position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't include the primary call to action in the empty space. The call to action should remain in the same location whether an area is populated or empty. This prevents confusing users as they become familiar with the system.
```

<Row>
 <Column colLg={8}>

> ![Example](images/1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Example of an empty state when a search yields no results](images/1.png)
```

> <Caption>Example of empty state when a search yields no results.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Example of an empty state when a search yields no results.</Caption>
```

 </Column>
</Row>
<Row>
 <Column colLg={8}>

> ![Example](images/2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Example of an empty state when a table has not yet been populated](images/2.png)
```

<Caption>

>   Example of empty state when a table has not been populated yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Example of an empty state when a table has not yet been populated
```

</Caption>

 </Column>
</Row>
<Row>
 <Column colLg={8}>

> ![Example](images/3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Example of an empty state when a slide-over panel hasn't been populated yet](images/3.png)
```
